Graham Hutton

http://www.cs.nott.ac.uk/~pszgmh/#personal

Contact
Email:	graham.hutton@nottingham.ac.uk   (if you are a student, please read this before emailing me)
Twitter:	@haskellhutt
Phone:	+44 (0)115 951 4220
Address:	Professor Graham Hutton 
School of Computer Science 
University of Nottingham 
Jubilee Campus, Wollaton Road 
Nottingham NG8 1BB 
United Kingdom
Office:	A09

Email Policy
If you are a student, please read the notes below before sending me an email or 
nominating me as a referee for a job application. Unfortanately, I now receive 
more email than I can effectively manage, and need to take some concrete steps 
to reduce the volume.

Course questions - if you are a student in Nottingham and have questions about any 
of my courses, please don't send them by email, but just see me in one of the weekly 
lab sessions or after a lecture. I can give a faster and more detailed answer in person.

Haskell questions - if you have questions about Haskell but are not a student on one 
of my courses in Nottingham, please ask your own lecturer or tutor in the first instance, 
and if they don't know the answer, try the appropriate Haskell mailing list. Of course,
questions about my book or research concerning Haskell are very welcome.

PhD applications - if you are interested in applying for a PhD studentship under my 
supervision, you will require a first-class Masters degree (or equivalent qualification) 
in Computer Science and/or Mathematics, some previous experience of programming in a 
functional language such as Haskell, and your application must be specific to me, 
not a general application being sent to many people.

Internship applications - if you are interested in applying for an internship under 
my supervision, you will require your own funding, some previous experience of 
programming in a functional language such as Haskell, and your application must be 
specific to me, not a general application being sent to many people.

References - I will normally be pleased to provide a reference for any of my personal 
tutees and individual project students, but you must contact me at least one week prior
to the reference deadline to seek permission and discuss the details. I will also require 
an up-to-date copy of your CV at the same time. I can provide up to three references per student.

Graham Hutton
University of Nottingham
